General Director Zhang, this is what you told me.
It's not possible to cross the river for a month.
What's the tofu scum building?
Our team and related collaborative community
Today you will receive our cold prevention.
Good morning, Mr. Lee.
General Director
Director Zhang, listen to me.
Hey.
Why?
Like this.
It's all your good work.
Isn't it also because of you?
You opened everyone up.
Open your mouth and shut your mouth.
So what can I do?
Jiang Tam Duyet, my mother seems to see clearly, you are teaching me what I want.
Didn't you want to be with me at first?
Son of a bitch, with what face are you saying these words to me?
Don't think I don't know what you did at the bar.
Haha, it turns out you already know.
So what?
You can even open the door.
Is this because I can't drive you?
Mr. Guo, you go, I'll go too.
Me too, me too, me too.
Me too. Me too.
Jiangxi Yue is not afraid to tell you that I soon changed everyone in the ministry to me.
You moved me to call Master.
Believe it or not, tomorrow the dead man will come to the Giang Bay Group to collapse you.
Don't you want to drive me?
Open it.
Okay.
I don't understand.
Why can people like you win gold medals in international competitions?
You're obviously fake.
You're right.
You son of a bitch.
Dad.
Why did I do this? What do I have to do for Jiang Bay Group? What I want is not to apologize.
City
You are the city.
You're a fraud.
Why did he come to our company?
Where from heaven?
Something so big happened to the company.
From Heaven, where is he going?
From heaven.
I fired you.